# Dark Sectors at FASER

This is an incomplete project. This repository serves as a consolidated place for collaborators to pick up the where I left off.

## Contents

- `DarkHiggs/` : Digitized plots from [1710.09387](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.09387). Filenames are self-explanatory.
- `digitizedplots/` : Digitized plots for CHARM and LHCb bounds. Energy is the mass of the dark particle.
- `Plots/` : Plots generated by code in this repo.
- `Spectra/` : `bbar_spectrum.csv` is the B spectrum generated by Iftah. The `.npy` files is the spectra of dark particles derived from the B spectra.
- `calc_x_spectra.py` (Deprecated) : Python script to calculate the spectrum of the dark particle, X, from the B spectrum in `Spectra/bbar_spectrum.csv` - Replaced by `decay_spectrum.py` due to inefficiencies.
- `decay_spectrum.py` : Python script to calculate the spectrum of the dark particle, X, from the B spectrum in `Spectra/bbar_spectrum.csv`. Resulting X spectra are saved in `Spectra/*.npy`.
- `FASER Benchmarks.ipynb` (Deprecated) : Jupyter notebook estimating the sensitivity of FASER to various neutral meson decays. - This is our initial attempt to determine FASER's sensitivity. 
- `Model_Independent_Reach.ipynb` (Deprecated) : Jupyter notebook which estimates the sensitivity of FASER to various neutral meson decays without assuming a model. Contains old code which may be useful.
- `Full Calculation.ipynb` : Jupyter notebook which plots the spectra in `Spectra/*.npy` and determines the sensitivity of FASER. 

The X spectra are too large to share directly. These need to be generated locally by the user via the python script `decay_spectrum.py`. This can be done by executing `python decay_spectrum.py` from the base directory.